my favorite webinar tip implement this
ASAP I host webinars all the time
actually I do them at least once a month
and they drive a lot of leads for our
business and they drive a lot of Revenue
over time too it's awesome for brand
building as well and they're catching on
in just about every industry in fact 67
of marketers say that they were
increasing their investment in webinars
so how can you capitalize on all of this
webinar enthusiasm because it's not just
about getting people to sign up for your
webinar you need to leverage that
enthusiasm to actually drive leads for
your business 76 of marketers say that
webinars help them Reach more leads 75
say that it extends their Brand's reach
and 69 say that it helps them scale
marketing efforts my favorite tip for
hosting a sexual webinar is host with a
partner
my Ad Agency NP digital offers all kinds
of different partnership opportunities
for other brands to team up with us but
one of my favorite ones has to be when
we collaborate on a live webinar with
someone else it maximizes my reach by
hosting with another company I can
almost double sometimes even triple my
potential audience when I have a webinar
here's how I do it step one I find a new
partner with a similar but not exact
same audience as yours so for example my
audience may be in SEO we did a
partnership with Bigcommerce and did a
webinar with them Their audience was
e-commerce people a lot of people who
read my website are interested in
marketing but they also have an
e-commerce website Bigcommerce provides
the platform and Their audience is
interested in marketing so can you see
how my customers can use their platform
their customers on their platform can
use our services
step two create a promotional schedule
making sure your Brand's marketing
strategies are consistent with each
other is huge you want to make sure you
coordinate with the art of the schedule
the aesthetic of the design and even the
voice before you start promoting
step three schedule a practice run if
you're both using a need access the same
platform make sure everything is running
smoothly prior to the event day step
four Define your post webinar strategy
what's the point of all this traffic if
you're not turning it into leads email
is the top promotional channel for
webinars up to 57 of residents from what
we've seen come from that channel and
the conversion rate from what we've seen
is roughly 27 percent higher than the
average
now the second way that you can get a
lot more people to attend your webinars
is make sure you promote them on all
your social channels and here's what I
mean I'm not talking about just posting
a message on Instagram saying I'm doing
a webinar at this time and doing the
same on LinkedIn that's fine but we use
tools like restream where when we do a
webinar we also go live on all our
social channels and it gets pushed out
to all our followers on those social
networks so that way more people are
listening in on our webinar right then
and there
the third thing that we do and we love
this strategy is we start sending
follow-ups after the webinar is over and
you're probably like Neil how does this
get me more people into my webinar well
a lot of people that you emailed to join
the webinar won't join it so after it's
done and recorded you can email all
those people to then watch your recorded
webinar the second thing is a lot of
people sign up for your webinar also
don't attend the webinar that day so if
you email them the recorded version
you'll also get more people listening in
on your webinar and during the webinar
you should be pitching your products and
services after you give a lot of
Goodwill and value which helps you
generate more Revenue so if you need
help with your digital marketing
strategies like webinars check out my Ad
Agency NP digital where funny enough we
host at least one webinar a month if you
have any questions leave a comment below
I'm here to answer and help you out if
you enjoy the video like it share it
tell the people about it thank you very
much